My overview topic_RS (#89)
UWC2-APIDOC/to-do-service-public: docs/overview_rs.md

---
layout: page
---

# Overview_RS

The To-Do service is a cloud-based platform that offers subscribers a task list 

> where they can post tasks and receive timely reminders. Our API service emulates the REST 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where they can post tasks and receive timely reminders. Our service provides the REST 
```

The Service provides the API for other applications and services to use to access the features of the service.
